fix some doc typos (#59)
hermeznetwork/docs: docs/developers/glossary.md

# Glossary

## Auction

> Selection of coordinator is done via an auction process managed by a smart contract. The node with the highest bid in an open slot will earn the right to forge new batches and collect the fees from the transactions included in the batch. This auction is the process by which Hermez network reaches a consensus on which node shall play the role of coordinator in an upcoming slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selection of the coordinator is done via an auction process managed by a smart contract. The node with the highest bid in an open slot will earn the right to forge new batches and collect the fees from the transactions included in the batch. This auction is the process by which Hermez Network reaches a consensus on which node shall play the role of coordinator in an upcoming slot.
```

Forging refers to the creation of a batch of layer 2 transactions (off-chain), creation of the proof and the subsequent (on-chain) verification of the attached zk-SNARK.

## Governance

> The Hermez Network community intends to follow a strategy of “Governance minimization”. This model is intended to be a initially a bootstrap governance mechanism to adjust and manage some network parameters mainly for security and stability purposes until the network reaches enough a degree of maturity to become fully decentralized; at that stage the initial bootstrap Governance model will no longer be necessary and will eventually disappear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hermez Network community intends to follow a strategy of “Governance minimization”. This model is intended to initially be a bootstrap governance mechanism to adjust and manage some network parameters mainly for security and stability purposes until the network reaches a sufficient degree of maturity to become fully decentralized; at that stage, the initial bootstrap Governance model will no longer be necessary and will eventually disappear.
```

Set of parameters defined in the system that allow certain configuration from governance in order to modify the behavior of the network. 

## Transactions

> Transactions is the generic name given to every operation in the Hermez Network. Transactions may be initiated by a user or by the coordinator. Transactions may also happen at L1 or L2. The coordinator node is in charge to collecting and processing transactions in batches generating a zk-SNARK to proofs that transactions have been carried out according to some rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transactions is the generic name given to every operation in the Hermez Network. Transactions may be initiated by a user or by the coordinator. Transactions may also happen on L1 or L2. The coordinator node is in charge of collecting and processing transactions in batches generating a ZK-SNARK to prove that the transactions have been carried out according to some rules.
```

Transactions is the generic name given to every operation in the Hermez network. Transactions may be initiated by a user or by the coordinator. Transactions may also happen at L1 or L2. The coordinator node is in charge to collecting and processing transactions in batches generating a zk-SNARK to proofs that transactions have been carried out according to some rules.

### Atomic Transactions

> Hermez provides the capability that some transactions to be processed together. This feature is called Atomic Transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hermez provides the capability for some transactions to be processed together. This feature is called Atomic Transactions.
```

## Trees

> Hermez uses Sparse Merkle Trees to store the state of the Hermez network. There are two main tree structures:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hermez uses Sparse Merkle Trees to store the state of the Hermez Network. There are two main tree structures:
```

> User needs to prove that it owns a leaf in the exit tree in order to perform a withdrawal and get the tokens back. This verification could be done either by submitting a merkle tree proof or by submitting a zkProof. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User needs to prove that it owns a leaf in the exit tree in order to perform a withdrawal and get the tokens back. This verification could be done either by submitting a Merkle tree proof or by submitting a zkProof. 
```

## Exit & Withdrawal

> In order to transfer funds from L2 account to ethereum account two separate transactions are invoked. The first transaction is Exit, where funds are transferred to a smart contract. The second transaction is Withdrawal. If conditions are met, Withdrawal can be instant. If funds to be withdrawn exceed certain limits, the Withdrawal is delayed until transaction is cleared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to transfer funds from the L2 account to the Ethereum account, two separate transactions are invoked. The first transaction is Exit, where funds are transferred to a smart contract. The second transaction is Withdrawal. If conditions are met, Withdrawal can be instant. If funds to be withdrawn exceed certain limits, the Withdrawal is delayed until the transaction is cleared.
```
